Adds a `CONTRIBUTING.md` file describing standards for contributing to `librustzcash` crates. (#1850)
zcash/librustzcash: CONTRIBUTING.md

  once the pull request has passed CI checks should it be transitioned to
  "Ready For Review".
- There MUST NOT be "work in progress" commits as part of your history, with
  the following exceptions:
  - When making a change to a public API or a core semantic change, it is
    acceptable to make the essential change as a distinct commit, without the
    associated alterations that propagate the semantic change throughout the
    rest of the codebase. In such cases the commit message must CLEARLY DOCUMENT
    the partial nature of the work, and whether the commit is expected compile
    and/or for tests to pass, and what work remains to be done to complete the
    change.
  - If a pull request is fixing a bug, the bug SHOULD be demonstrated by the
    addition of a failing unit test in a distinct commit that precedes the
    commit(s) that fix the bug. Due to the complexity of creating some tests,
    additions or other changes to the test framework may be required. Please
    consult with the maintainers if substantial changes of this sort are
    needed, or if you are having difficulties reproducing the bug in a test.

#### Commit Messages

> - Commit messages should have a short (preferably less than ~120 characters) title.

Author: I know; that limit annoys me. For this workspace in particular, where it's often desirable to prefix the commit message with some indicator of what crate(s) it affects, you then end up with very limited space.

- [Styleguides](#styleguides)
- [Commit Messages](#commit-messages)
- [Join The Project Team](#join-the-project-team)

## Code of Conduct

This project and everyone participating in it is governed by the
[Code of Conduct](https://github.com/zcash/zcash/blob/master/code_of_conduct.md). By
participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable
behavior as documented in the code of conduct.

## I Have a Question

> If you want to ask a question, we assume that you have read the available documentation for the crate or crates in question. Documentation for all of the crates in this workspace is published to [docs.rs](https://docs.rs).

Before you ask a question, it is best to search for existing [Issues](/issues)
that might help you. In case you have found a suitable issue and still need
clarification, you can write your question in this issue. It is also advisable
to search the internet for answers first.

If you then still feel the need to ask a question and need clarification, we
recommend the following:

- Open an [Issue](/issues/new).
- Provide as much context as you can about what you're running into.

> - Provide project and platform versions depending on what seems relevant.

Author: We've considered these. I generally don't like most issue templates that I've seen in use; they usually just add boilerplate, without actually improving the quality of issue descriptions. If we add templates, I'd like them to be very minimalistic.

> - Provide project and platform versions depending on what seems relevant.

Reviewer: Agreed :)

This project uses a merge-based workflow. When creating a branch, it is
advisable to branch from the earliest sub-module tag to which the modification
can be applied as a SemVer-compatible change without generating substantial
source-code-level or semantic conflicts with the current state of the `main`
branch. While this does not ensure that a SemVer point release containing the
change will be made, it at least makes such a release possible and helps to
clarify the scope of the change for reviewers. If branching from somewhere
other than the current state of `main`, please indicate the relevant tag in the
top message of the pull request; the maintainers may request that you change
the "base" branch of your PR to simplify such releases.

#### Branch History

- Commits should represent discrete semantic changes. 
- When a commit alters the public API, fixes a bug, or changes the underlying
  semantics of existing code, the commit MUST also modify the affected
  submodules' `CHANGELOG.md` files to clearly document the change.
- Updated or added members of the public API MUST include complete `rustdoc`
  documentation comments. See the [Documentation](#documentation) section of

>   this style guide for additional information.

Author: That's always been the goal, and we should actually see how far off we are from being able to do that. At one point it was going to require more doc work than we wanted to bite off at the time, but I think that now we're in much better shape, and could probably proceed with this.

  variables only in the narrowest possible scope.
- In Rust, we don't have good tools for referentially transparent treatment
  of operations that involve side effects. If a statement produces or makes use
  of a side-effect, the context in which that statement is executed should use
  imperative programming style to make the presence of the side effect more
  evident. For example, use a `for` loop instead of the `map` function of a
  collection if any side effect is performed by the body of the loop.
- If a procedure or method will invoke operations that produce side effects,
  the capability to perform such side effects should be provided to the
  procedure as an explicit argument. For example, if a procedure needs to
  access the current time, that procedure should take an argument `clock: impl
  Clock` where `Clock` is a trait that provides a method that allows the caller
  to obtain the current time. 
- Effect capabilities should be defined independent of implementation concerns;
  for example, a data persistence capability should be defined to operate on
  high-level types appropriate to the domain, not to a particular persistence

>   layer or serialization.

Reviewer: <3

- If the team is able to reproduce the issue, it will be assigned an
  appropriate category and fixed according to the criticality of the issue. If
  you're able to contribute a proposed fix, this will likely speed up the
  process, although be aware that `librustzcash` is a complex project and fixes
  will be considered in the context of safety and potential for unintentional
  misuse of overall API; you should be prepared to alter your approach based on
  suggestions from the team and for your contributions to undergo multiple
  rounds of review.

### Suggesting Enhancements

This section guides you through submitting an enhancement suggestion,
**including completely new features and minor improvements to existing
functionality**. Following these guidelines will help maintainers and the
community to understand your suggestion and find related suggestions.

#### Before Submitting an Enhancement

- Make sure that you are using the latest version, or that the enhancement you
  are proposing is suitable for implementation in the version that you rely
  upon: this requires that the feature can be implemented without a SemVer
  breaking change.

> - Read the documentation of the appropriate module carefully and find out if
>   the functionality is already covered, maybe by an individual configuration.

Author: ```suggestion
- Read the documentation of the latest version of the appropriate crate to find
  out if the functionality is already provided, potentially under a feature flag.
```

- Invalid states should be made unrepresentable at the type level. In general:
  - `structs` should have all internal members private or crate-private, and
    should expose constructors that result in `Result<...>` or `Option<...>`
    that check for invariant violations, if any such violations are possible.
    Provide public or crate-public accessors for internal members when necessary.
  - "bare" native integer types, strings, and so forth should be avoided in
    public APIs; use "newtype" wrappers with clearly documented semantics instead.
  - Avoid platform-specific integer sizing (i.e. `usize`) except when e.g.
    indexing into a Rust collection type that already requires such semantics.
  - Use `enum`s liberally; a common type safety failure in many other languages
    is that product (struct or tuple) types containing potentially invalid
    state space are used.
  - Use custom `enum`s with semantically relevant variants instead of boolean
    arguments and return values.
- Prefer immutability; make data types immutable unless there is a strong
  reason to believe that values will need to be modified in-place for
  performance reasons.

> - Take care when introducing and/or using structured enum variants, because
>   Rust does not provide adequate language features for making such values
>   immutable or ensuring safe construction. Instead of creating structured or
>   tuple variants, it is often preferable for a variant to wrap an immutable
>   type and expose a safe constructor for the variant along with accessors for
>   the members of the wrapped type.

Reviewer 2: I am guessing that an 'immutable type' means a type with a private field that doesn't expose a method to mutate it freely, but I think this is hard to parse. Something like?
```suggestion
- Take care when introducing and/or using structured or tuple enum variants, because
  Rust does not provide adequate language features for making such values
  immutable or ensuring safe construction. Instead of creating structured or
  tuple variants that directly contain primitive types, it is often preferable to define
  and wrap a new type with private fields, and expose a safe constructor for the 
  variant along with accessors for the members of the wrapped type.
```
